Fix frame-ancestors source list syntax (#38093)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/http/headers/content-security-policy/frame-ancestors/index.md

## Syntax

```http
Content-Security-Policy: frame-ancestors 'none';
Content-Security-Policy: frame-ancestors <source-expression-list>;
```

This directive may have one of the following values:

- `'none'`

>   - : No resources of this type may be loaded. The single quotes are mandatory.

Reviewer: Specifically to contrast with https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Content-Security-Policy/frame-src we need to make it clear that frame-ancestors prevents the resource served with this directive being loaded into a parent frame, while frame-src prevents matching resources from being loaded into this resource.

The wording on both is currently the same. Using embedded makes it more clear.

I'm also not sure about "resources of this type". The rules apply to "this resource specifically". That applies below too.

- `<source-expression-list>`

>   - : A space-separated list of _source expression_ values. Resources of this type may be loaded if they match any of the given source expressions. For this directive, the following source expression values are applicable:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : A space-separated list of _source expression_ values. This resource may be embedded if the embedder matches any of the given source expressions. For this directive, the following source expression values are applicable:
```

    - [`<host-source>`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Content-Security-Policy#host-source)
    - [`<scheme-source>`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Content-Security-Policy#scheme-source)
    - [`'self'`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Content-Security-Policy#self)

> [!NOTE]

> > The `frame-ancestors` directive's syntax is similar to a source list of other directives (e.g. {{CSP("child-src")}}), but will not fall back to the `default-src` setting. A policy that declares `default-src 'none'` will still allow the resource to be embedded by anyone.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The `frame-ancestors` directive's syntax is similar to a source list of other directives (e.g. {{CSP("child-src")}}), but will not fall back to the `default-src` setting. A policy that declares `default-src 'none'` will allow the resource to be embedded by anyone.
```
